Add Basic Auth to Signal Messenger (#41589)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/signal_messenger.markdown

  description: The URL where the Signal Messenger REST API listens for incoming requests. 
  required: true
  type: string
auth:

>   description: Configuration for Basic Auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Configuration for basic authentication
```

  required: false
  type: map
  keys:

>     user:

Author: might need to change, depending on `homeassistant.consts.CONF_USERNAME` (probably „username“)

    type: string
{% endconfiguration %}

> ### Basic Auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic authentication
```

> If Signal Messenger is running behind a Proxy with Basic Auth requirements, you need to add `auth` to your config and specify the username and password respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Signal Messenger is running behind a proxy that requires basic authentication, you need to add `auth` to your configuration and specify the username and password.
```

> If Signal Messenger is running behind a Proxy with Basic Auth requirements, you need to add `auth` to your config and specify the username and password respectively.

Author: Could I add [secured-signal-api](https://github.com/codeshelldev/secured-signal-api), as an example?

_It is a Proxy made specifically for Signal Messenger REST API_

Author: Or maybe add to a separate related projects section?

```yaml

> # Basic Auth example for Signal Messenger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Basic authentication example for Signal Messenger
```
